# 100 Days of ML Code Challenge<br>
## Curriculum Suggested by Siraj Raval.
* Day 1 - Reading through the Curriculum - Linear Algebra introduction - Vectors and its properties - Linear Transformation - shear rotation - Matrix Multiplication as Composition - Why Matrix Multiplication is Associative and Why ain't it is Commutative? **#100DaysOfMLCode**<br>
* Day 2 - 3D Linear Transformation - Determinant; Factor by which Quantity of object given by vector, changes by transformer matrix - Inverse; 3D Square Matrix Determinant equals volume of the parallelepiped built out of those vectors Transformer to identity - Rank of a matrix; Number of Dimensions in Resultant Matrix - Non - Square Matrix Multiplication. **#100DaysOfMLCode**<br>
* Day 3 - Dot Product, The product of length projection of one vector over the other and the length of the other vector - Duality of Dot Product is the Matrix Multiplication - Cross Product, the normal vector of the magnitude of area created by the pair of vectors to the same area, and its Duality again the Linear Transformation - Cramer's Rule of Cross Product. **#100DaysOfMLCode**
* Day 4 - Alternate basis vectors, their inverses - Eigen Transformation, doesn't scale/squish when transformed - Eigen basis, useful as they don't squish/scale while transformation - Linearity = Additivity+Scalability - Functions and Vectors - 8 Vectors Axioms. **#100DaysOfMLCode**
* Day 5 - The Paradox of Derivate: why velocity is a derivative of displacement function - Graphical insight on use of limits- graphical derivation of the standard formula for integration and differentiation - abstract functions and their real-life applications. **#100DaysOfMLCode**
* Day 6 - Graphical understanding of Product and Chain rules of Differentiation and Integration and of the exponential function: when the rate of change of one is proportional to oneself -  graphical derivation of Euler constants, Natural logarithmic constants. **#100DaysOfMLCode**
* Day 7 - Implicit Calculus - Implicit functions and their curves - Graphical intuition on differentiating a polynomial equation - Limits Theory - L'Hopital Rule - Integration and Anti-derivatives - Area under the curves meaning and intuition. **#100DaysOfMLCode**
