# Essential Web Dev Challenge <br>
## Brushing up on the Essential skillsets required for Web Development.<br>
* Day 1 - Introduction to HTML - !DOCTYPE html and its uses - meta tag - div tag - alt attribute inside the image tag - Inline CSS - Table method for Page Creation Stratergy - form tags - select tag - a tag - list tags - heading tags - Email input Type. **#EssentialWebDevChallenge**
* Day 2 - Introduction to CSS - Inline CSS - Internal CSS - External CSS - font families and font styles - different ways of defining a color - altering the opacity of the color - link tag - Difference between Class and Id - CSS for Div tag - float and padding of Div. **#EssentialWebDevChallenge**
* Day 3 - CSS selectors - box models - fixed, relative positioning - overflow -  hovering - list style type, position - nth child - text transform - first letter  - box shadow - white space - wrap - gradient - background repeat - div transform - animation. **#EssentialWebDevChallenge**
* Day 4 - CSS: float - Inline block - display block - link - visited - hover - active - JS:script tag - alert - document - onClick - variable declaration - function declaration, definition - innerHTML.
**#EssentialWebDevChallenge**
* Day 5 - JS array manipulation - Classes and Properties - logging in console - history of Js - What does it take to become a full stack developer - Looping - Conditional statements - Branching - Switch Cases - Basically, the OOPS Basics with JavaScript. **#EssentialWebDevChallenge**
* Day 6 - Inputting Values - Operators - Arrays : push, pop, shift, unshift, splice - Math function: random and float - Color guessing Game using them - Intervals and Timeouts - Manipulating Time Functions. **#EssentialWebDevChallenge**
* Day 7 - 45% completion on the Unorthodox Inc.'s First Mini Project under the label "Horsing around with Web Dev Skills and Tools". Intuition Gained: It takes a hell lot of time and workload to design a decorative web app using the div-float technique. Problems Faced : Lack of relativity amidst the floating div tags and a confusion in linking the stylesheet to the document. Managed the former and resolved the latter. Do not link inside the style tag is the lesson learnt. **#EssentialWebDevChallenge**
* Day 8 - 65% completion on Unorthodox Inc.'s First Mini Project. Progress: Fixed and locked the UI. Problems Faced: Couldn't successfully apply the on-click function for divisions. Still in the process of resolving it. **#EssentialWebDevChallenge**
* Day 9 - JQuery: Downloading and linking  - CDN linking - Document Ready event - JQuery Selectors - JQuery mouse events: hover -   focus - blur - on - JQuery Effects: hide - show - fade in - fade out - fade to. **#EssentialWebDevChallenge**
* Day 10 - JQuery Selectors and Methods - Event Listening - Toggle: hide toggle, slide toggle, fade toggle - Writing cleaner code - DOM Traversal in the console - Chaining functions - next() and remove(). **#EssentialWebDevChallenge** 
* Day 11 - So, the problem that I had earlier in the mini project disappears today, as the JQuery Tutorials that I took for the past two days came handy in solving the problem of implementing the on-click function on divisions. Have also learnt how to create Timeout functions that are cool. So, the progress of the project moves up to 70%. Problems faced: Couldn't append text into innerHTML. couldn't launch conditional codes in JQuery. **#EssentialWebDevChallenge**
* Day 12 - Delete button activated. Timeout functions for Delete button and Operator buttons added. Corner radius for divisions given. **#EssentialWebDevChallenge**
